Clarify that MOLT Fetch does not migrate sequences (#20644)
cockroachdb/docs: src/current/_includes/molt/migration-schema-design-practices.md

- Every table **must** have an explicit primary key. For more information, refer to [Primary key best practices]({% link {{ site.current_cloud_version }}/schema-design-table.md %}#primary-key-best-practices).

{{site.data.alerts.callout_danger}}

> Avoid using sequential keys. To learn more about the performance issues that can result from their use, read [our advice on indexing with sequential keys]({% link {{site.current_cloud_version}}/sql-faqs.md %}#how-do-i-generate-unique-slowly-increasing-sequential-numbers-in-cockroachdb). If a sequential key is necessary in your CockroachDB table, you will need to create it manually, after using [MOLT Fetch]({% link molt/molt-fetch.md %}).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Avoid using sequential keys. To learn more about the performance issues that can result from their use, refer to the [guidance on indexing with sequential keys]({% link {{site.current_cloud_version}}/sql-faqs.md %}#how-do-i-generate-unique-slowly-increasing-sequential-numbers-in-cockroachdb). If a sequential key is necessary in your CockroachDB table, you must create it manually, after using [MOLT Fetch]({% link molt/molt-fetch.md %}) to perform the initial load.
```
